Previous video, we have seen the election law aftermath.
We have to learn our file and see what will happen where we go.
Right.
Okay.
So this one is not running, but this is the green.
Green.
Okay, so we will see what has gone wrong.
So we will go to the.
Okay.
So component.
Two, two, three.
Okay.
One, two, three.
Change this corner.
Too much into this color.
Do?
No.
Orange.
Now.
Save this file and run this.
Yeah.
Blockchain is working here.
Know what we have to do is we need a counter, or at least we have to take our counter.
Also name it as encounter and initialize it to the zero.
Who do
we have to know?
So we have to imagine.
Okay, now what do we have to do here?
We need a display image.
Display image.
And here we will set it to the.
Choose or don't
get an x and this one will be the one.
Here said this to the neighbor, this little thing.
Chewing gum x is not public and component cannot be accessed from outside package.
So go to the expert.
Okay.
I think.
Keen to look older, run the images.
No.
Who do we have to write?
Display.
Meech
simply sent it images or both.
Okay.
Put the counter.
And another one.
Okay.
Here should.
This one is the jeep.
So here it should be the one.
Here should be the zero.
And send it to me.
Simply from another file.
Union Getty Images.
But it's not in the random, right?
The election is working and our images aren't displaying.
So what could be the next step to randomize these pics?
So what should we do?
No steps to random images.
So here's the counter.
So here is the counter one.
And here we will do one thing.
We will call the plus plus and one semicolon.
And okay, this is going to identify our expected what should be done to identify expected.
Got this.
Put it here.
Okay.
Sudan.
See this thing.
To put this
simply, we have to check this thing.
Also, run our file.
Showing the relative.
At a moment of exception and extradited from Scotland six.
So we have to fix this exception here.
What have we done wrong here?
Look, the component to.
Mickey simply called the sculptor here and this one to here.
What should we do next?
We have to make that counter variable inside this body.
Plus.
Plus, I don't know.
Run over five.
We will see.
Okay.
So it's working.
Yep.
I'm keen.
There is an error in xx146.
Okay.
So we have to fix that thing again.
What?
And due to one.
What can we do next thing?
Can you see doing that out of the index.
Out of.
All right.
So what could we do next?
To fix that error.
The complain to this.
Okay.
So here.
Right.
The thing we need.
She lived here.
No.
We need that chili.
So we need a.
Really, really cool to
leave that component to under that control.
Right.
A lot set.
And they pulled in, give the ruling to the folks here.
And so what we have done, we have disabled children.
It's done?
No.
Okay.
Well, the same thing we have to do here again.
Here.
We have to write.
No.
I think what you need to do.
So none.
Here should be the component for me piece.
This should be.
No I think component to.
Yeah.
Component one.
And we need a condition here.
What could be the condition if Nepal not is enabled?
So we simply write.
Can't this.
But inside this.
So this will check the condition here.
Done.
So this thing is done.
And the same thing is goes with this part also.
Right.
We have tried this.
Labor is enabled.
The smart.
So.
You disagree?
Okay.
Here on this thing is done.
I'll simply run our program here.
Check this pain.
Yeah.
We are getting it right here.
Yes.
So it's working?
So the next thing, what we have to do here, we have disabled people.
Now, the thing which we have to do is who?
The food that.
You know, often.
So often they kill.
So here we will try to label.
Is unable.
And you have already said the name will false.
So we could hear false?
None.
No.
Just sorry.
They never seem.
Need not.
Set a world.
I put it to the phones here and done here.
No simply running our program.
Okay.
So it's working.
Yeah.